# PropertyMetaInfo Class

> Namespace: [CommandLineHelper](_toc.CommandLineHelper.md#commandlinehelper-namespace)\
> Assembly: [CommandLineHelper](_toc.CommandLineHelper.md) (CommandLineHelper.dll) version 1.0.0.0\
> Inheritance: [object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object) `→` PropertyMetaInfo

The 'PropertyMetaInfo' class is a facade class which combines the parameter property 'PropertyInfo' with an interface to access the parse and validation results as well as the attached custom attributes of a parameter property.

## Syntax

```csharp
public class PropertyMetaInfo
```

## Constructors

Constructor | Description
--- | ---
[PropertyMetaInfo(PropertyInfo)](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.-ctor.md) | Constructor of the 'PropertyMetaInfo' class

## Properties

Property | Description
--- | ---
[DefaultValue](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.DefaultValue.md) | Returns the 'DefaultValueAttribute.Value' of the assigned 'DefaultValueAttribute'. If no 'DefaultValueAttribute' has been assigned to the parameter property the returned value is: 

null : for a nullable parameter property or reference parameter property.



The Type default value: for a none nullable value type parameter property.


[Description](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.Description.md) | Returns the 'DescriptionAttribute.Description' value of the applied 'DescriptionAttribute'. Returns null if there hasn't been a 'DescriptionAttribute' applied to the parameter property.
[IsInternal](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.IsInternal.md) | Returns true is the 'InternalAttribute' is attached to the parameter property. Otherwise false.
[IsMandatory](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.IsMandatory.md) | Returns true if the 'MandatoryAttribute' is attached to the parameter property. Otherwise false.
[IsValid](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.IsValid.md) | Returns true if the validation was successfull.
[Name](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.Name.md) | Resturns the value of the 'NameAttribute.Name' value of the 'NameAttribute' attached to the parameter property. If there isn't a 'NameAttribute' attached to the parameter property, or if the 'NameAttribute.Name' property is an empty or whitespace string the parameter property name will be returned.
[ParseResult](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.ParseResult.md) | Holds the result of the last parse process.
[PropertyInfo](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.PropertyInfo.md) | Returns the 'PropertyInfo' which was provided as 'propertyInfo' parameter in the constructor.
[Type](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.Type.md) | The type of the parameter property as string.
[ValidationAttributeList](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.ValidationAttributeList.md) | Returns the validation attributes which are attached to the property info. That list might be empty.
[ValidationError](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.ValidationError.md) | Is either a validation error which has been created during the validaton process or null if the validation didn't happen yet or if the validation succeeded without an error.
[ValueSet](CommandLineHelper.PropertyMetaInfo.ValueSet.md) | Returns the 'ValueSet' of the attached 'ValueSetAttribute'. That list might be empty if no such attribute is attached.

## See Also

- [CommandLineHelper Namespace](_toc.CommandLineHelper.md#commandlinehelper-namespace)

---

_This document is generated by [DG](https://github.com/Khojasteh/dg)._
